and one it looks like he's going to end
this madness
but then he takes off yet again
as a light rain falls the dr travels
from gage to ditch
finally he careens into one bitch to me
the man can be seen at the wheel as the
officer approaches just as it appears
he's going to give up
he pops it into gear
but the wheel is spinning the driver
knows when he speak he climbs out of the
car is quickly arrested and charged with
attempting to elude and felony reckless
driving downtown Los Angeles officers
are in pursuit of free carjacking
suspects along crowded city streets the
passenger in the front seat proudly
loves the camp as the carp leads a
legion of laws
the driver even hangs his arms out the
window but before long the trio runs out
of both gasp and luck
when the car comes to a stop the
sentence or a dommage
with literally dozens of guns came their
way young men are a force to surrender I
teachers